Add shisui's story blog (#16)
ethereum/portal-blog: pages/posts/shisui-story.mdx

---
title: Shisui's story
date: 2024/3/9
description: Introducing how Shisui was born
tag: client diversity, multiclient, Ethereum
author: Grapebaba & Dr. Zhou Qi
---

# What is shisui
Shisui is an Ethereum portal client written in Go language.
The name is inspired by Uchiha Shisui from the anime Naruto, who is renowned as "Shisui of the Body Flicker".

# How shisui was born
When I was learning about data availability, I saw the portal network protocol from the Ethereum website.
Through the documents and videos on the portal network website, I further learned about the decentralized vision of the portal network.
I thought it was great. At the same time, during my nearly ten years of open-source work, I have always hoped to build an open-source system that can be used by many people.
When I found that there is currently no Go language version of the portal client, I decided to start building shisui.

> At the same time, Dr. Zhou Qi from EthStorage wanted to use the portal client in their web3:// protocol. They were also interested in implementing the portal client in the Go language, so we established contact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the same time, Dr. Zhou Qi from EthStorage wanted to use the portal client in their web3:// protocol. They were also interested in implementing the portal client in the Go language, so we joined forces.
```
